Dev Notes - Philip Wood

Drag and Drop Functionality

A) Setting up drop zones / drop boxes
	1. Add divs to html
	2. Style and center using CSS
B) Drag Functionality
	1. Make generated images draggable
	2. Add function to initalize drag
C) Drag and drop functionality on drop boxes
	1. Add event for when image is dragged over div, log to console
	2. Add event for when image is dropped
		i) Add rule if div children is < 1 append the image, else return false, log to console
	3. Add event for when div is clicked
		i) If clicked remove child from div and append to icons box
		(created bugs had to take different approach with datasets for removing)
		ii) Add datasets to created images matching selector data
		iii) Add dataset to div matching selector data
		iv) On click if the image data matches div data, append to div
D) Audio Functionality
	1. Add audio files to html
	2. Set up dataset on audio files
	3. Add dataset matching audio files to created images
	4. Set up function to reset audio
	5. Add reset to drop event on drop boxes
	6. On drop event for drop boxes, play audio according to matching datasets
	7. On drop box click event, add audio pause

More to do?
Setting up pause / play feature for audio - Done
Making drop boxes a bigger drop area for images - Done
Design issues - Fixed, according to recommendations
Icon Animation - Done

Bugs
Problem with audio loop, sounds delayed - Problem with actual audio
Design issue with SVGs, some scale too big - Fixed

E) Play and Pause Feature
	1. Create SVGS for buttons
	2. Add buttons to layout
	3. Add muted feature to audio on app (needed to prevent all audio from playing on drop, theres probably a better way going about this)
	4. On box drop, unmute the correlating audio
	5. When pause is "clicked", pause current audio
	6. When play is "clicked", play current audio
	7. When box is "clicked" and icon is removed from tree, remute audio

F) Drop Box Area
	1. CSS issue, solved by increasing area size, and fixing location of dropped item.

G) Design Issues, App / Icons
	1. CSS issue, changed colors on elements, added bg image, lowered opacity of some elements, changed size on icons.

H) Icon Animation
	1. Write CSS class for animation
	2. On box drop, add class to icon to start animation
	3. When box is "clicked" and icon is removed from tree, remove class

		

